# React Redux Game



This is a simple game developed using React Redux Starter Kit `https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit.git`.

The primary goal of this project is to play around with React and Redux



## Requirements
* node `^5.0.0`
* yarn `^0.23.0` or npm `^3.0.0`

## Installation

After confirming that your environment meets the above [requirements](#requirements), you can clone the repo by doing the following:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/jileeshs/react-redux-game.git
$ cd react-redux-game.
```

When that's done, install the project dependencies. It is recommended that you use [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for deterministic dependency management, but `npm install` will suffice.

```bash
$ yarn  # Install project dependencies (or `npm install`)
```

## Running the Project

After completing the [installation](#installation) step, you're ready to start the project!

```bash
$ yarn start  # Start the development server (or `npm start`)
```

While developing, you will probably rely mostly on `yarn start`; however, there are additional scripts at your disposal:

|`yarn <script>`    |Description|
|-------------------|-----------|
|`start`            |Serves your app at `localhost:3000`|
|`build`            |Builds the application to ./dist|
|`test`             |Runs unit tests with Karma. See [testing](#testing)|
|`test:watch`       |Runs `test` in watch mode to re-run tests when changed|
|`lint`             |[Lints](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8503559/what-is-linting) the project for potential errors|
|`lint:fix`         |Lints the project and [fixes all correctable errors](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface.html#fix)|



## Live Development

### Hot Reloading

Hot reloading is enabled by default when the application is running in development mode (`yarn start`). This feature is implemented with webpack's [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement.html) capabilities, where code updates can be injected to the application while it's running, no full reload required. Here's how it works:

* For **JavaScript** modules, a code change will trigger the application to re-render from the top of the tree. **Global state is preserved (i.e. redux), but any local component state is reset**. This differs from React Hot Loader, but we've found that performing a full re-render helps avoid subtle bugs caused by RHL patching.

* For **Sass**, any change will update the styles in realtime, no additional configuration or reload needed.


## Routing
We use `react-router` [route definitions](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/blob/v3/docs/API.md#plainroute) (`<route>/index.js`) to define units of logic within our application. See the [project structure](#project-structure) section for more information.

## Building for Production

## Deployment

Out of the box, this starter kit is deployable by serving the `./dist` folder generated by `yarn build`. This project does not concern itself with the details of server-side rendering or API structure, since that demands a more opinionated structure that makes it difficult to extend the starter kit.
